+++
date = 2019-02-22T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Fourth Workshop on Membrane Computing"
time_start = 2019-02-22T16:00:00
time_end = 2018-02-24T17:25:00
abstract = "ACMC is a topical international conference in the field of membrane computing, which aims to provide a forum for scholars in membrane computing and related fields, especially those from Asia. ACMC 2013 is a successful 2012 event held in Wuhan, China. The continuation of the first Asian Conference on Membrane Computing and the regional expansion of the International Conference on Membrane Computing (CMC). To date, the CMC has been successfully held 13 times in different European countries. Similar to artificial neural networks, evolutionary algorithms, swarm intelligence algorithms, cellular automata and DNA computing, membrane computing is also a natural computing Branching. Membrane computing was first proposed by Gheorghe P&#259;un in 1998. Membrane computing aims to abstract computational models from the structure and function of living cells and from the collaboration of tissues, organs, and cell populations, called membrane systems or P-systems. Membrane computing has developed into a vibrant disciplinary field that has received extensive attention from scholars around the world."
abstract_short = ""
event = "Fourth Workshop on Membrane Computing"
event_url = ""
location = "Chongqiong, China"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["risky-business"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

<!-- Embed your slides or video here using [shortcodes](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/post/writing-markdown-latex/). Further details can easily be added using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
