+++
title = "On String Languages Generated by Spiking Neural P Systems with Multiple Channels"
date = "2019-7-26"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Huang Yue", "Li Bo", "Lv Zeqiong", "Yi Wenmei", "Peng Hong"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF UNCONVENTIONAL COMPUTING"
publication_short = "INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF UNCONVENTIONAL COMPUTING"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We study spiking neural P system with multiple channels (SNP-MC), where each neuron can be connected to several subsets of neurons. Turing universality of SNP-MC systems as number generating/accepting devices and function computing devices has been already proven. However, a universality result of SNP-MC systems as language generators has not been established so far. This paper discusses computation power of SNP-MC systems as language generators. We prove that recursively enumerable languages can be characterized as projections of inverse-morphic images of languages generated by SNP-MC systems. The relationships of languages generated by SNP-MC systems with finite and regular languages are also investigated.<br><br>"

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
# projects = ["example-external-project"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Link to journal", url = "https://doi.org/10.1162/REST_a_00656"}]



# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

<!-- More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
